---
layout: post
title: "Echo #89: Relics"
date: 2017-11-06
---

This week I have added siege missions, improved new game+ and began polishing new map system.

It seems that I'll need an extra week to finish map rework because the list of minor improvements I have to make has become really big.

Anyway, it's been a while since I have written about future updates.

As you probably know, after map rework I will finally be making story missions.
There are 9 missions left to go, a lot of them will be difficult to make, especially the ones close to the end.

There will be a journey to Sector Five, 7 fights against the Machines, important reveals, new characters and heaps of new content.

This might take me months to make, but these months will be very interesting!

I'm planning to sneak in smaller stuff with story missions on each update.

There are several things I want to add to take game closer to perfection.

One of those things is relics.

Item update back in June really helped to make higher tier items more interesting, but they aren't as good as legendary items in other loot games.

I always thought that random items are what makes a loot game, but I have to admit that I was wrong.
Hand-coded items with unique are just better than procedural items.

At least not with my item generator.

I think that lack of interesting items is the final gameplay flaw of Sector Six.

And I am going to fix it by adding relics!

I came up with the idea of relics by watching some video about Destiny 2.
Destiny 2 has legendary items and I was inspired to write a description of a legendary item for Sector Six.

I wrote one, then another one... And now I have a whole bunch of relics!
It's surprisingly easy, there's a lot of design space that I was not aware of.

Here are some of the relics:

**Breakcharm Of Mara**
* Removes 40% of armour from first 10 minions in mission
* Only works if Manifestations Of Destruction is active

**Avadys, Atomic Collector**
* Increases damage by 2% on kill
* Generates 1% armour on kill

**Etherion's Fusion Reactor**
* +5 levels to Missile Strike ability
* +5 levels to Concentrated Fire ability
* +5 levels to Detonate ability

**Mortal Core**
* +200% damage if you have transient container equipped
* Generates 1 alloy on kill

**Darkwork**
* -80% armour
* Alloy containers will restore 10% of armour per alloy

**Rifted Lure**
* +5 levels to Phase Recognition System
* +300% phase break damage
* Reduces phase break cooldown by 80 seconds
* Only works if Risk For Reward is active

**Ultranid's Hope**
* Damage you deal to your spaceship will not destroy it

**Plasma's Link** 
* Reduces Piercing Lasers cooldown by 30 seconds

**Metasphere, Secondary Main Core**
* Your spaceship will not be destroyed for 5 seconds after armour drops to 0

**Fractal Repository**
* Generates fractal part after every successful mission

**Eternal Nodeno**
* Transforms Nine Bladed Mines into Thousand Bladed Mines
* +30% node damage*

**Weaver's Song**
* Transforms Swarm Control into Spectral Barrage
* +100% damage

**Calm Of Vanadian, Mental Reactor**
* Azimar's Killframe set effect will not remove ether
* Sets ether on kill to 0
* Transforms Creation Of Energy into Glory Of Vanadian

**Relarei To Burn Worlds**
* Reduces Death From Above cooldown to 0.5 seconds
* Increases Missile Strike cooldown to 5 seconds
* Removes 1% ether every second
* +30% relay damage

I was planning to add some of those effects as small part sets, but this works much better!

I would like write more about relics but it's time for me to deal with a huge list of not-so-huge improvements and glitches.

Until next time!
