---
layout: post
title: "Echo #79: Waiting for update"
date: 2017-08-07
---

Titan class will be released soon.
It was meant to be released a few days ago, but there is a problem with the server I am using, so the new class won't be released for another few days.
Sorry!

Anyway, it's a good time to write about the upcoming updates.

8th month of the year has just started and that means I have less than 4 months to finish Sector Six in 2017.
It probably won't happen, but I'll try to make it true.

Which means that I'll need to move some more stuff to post-release.

My old plan was to make titan class, complete combat, make region boss 2, add additional region missions and enemies, make region boss 3, make remaining 9 story missions and release the game.

Now I have decided to put optional stuff away and focus on getting to story missions.

Extra region missions and bosses would be nice, but they are quite time-consuming and I don't hear feedback about wanting more of that.
And I do know that there's a lot of people waiting for story missions.

So yeah, region content has been officially dumped to post-release!

There's new obstacle through - map rework!
The Sector Six map/level/area system will be completely reworked.

Currently, enemies scale with player level and that makes levelling up useless and I really need to fix that.

So, what's going to happen?

Currently, there are 25 regions that scale to player level.
After rework, there will be a region for every player level.

For example, Deep Path will be a level 1 region.
Everything - items, enemies, cities - in Deep Path region will be level 1.

Negati will be level 2 region, Labyrinth will be level 3 region and so on!

It's a big change and it will be very good for the game - it will create a strong feeling of progression and a lot of content just because of how regions are going to work.

I'll write more about it once I'll start working on it, which will happen after I'll complete combat.

And it won't take long to complete combat.

It will be a relatively small update - I'll add remaining abilities for carrier and apocalypse classes, fix last small issues with combat and give each ability a passive effect.

For example, Shards Of Chaos ability will increase all damage by 2% per level of ability - even if Shards Of Chaos is not equipped.
That means it all unequipped abilities will turn into passive abilities, which is big because every ability point will matter now!

That's all good, but...

But Sector Six remains unpopular.
This is what I'm going to do about it:

1) Sector Six is going to get bigger discounts on sales.
2) Sector Six is finally going to be translated into different languages.
3) Sector Six is going to be included in bundles.

To sum it up, my new development plan is to release titan class, prepare the game for translation, rework map, finish the story and release the game.

So, that's all for this post!

Until next time.
