---
layout: post
title: "Sector Six Release Countdown: 6!"
date: 2018-05-08
---

Since the last time I posted, I've been working on inventory improvements, mission XIV, ability scaling, new HUD, and other things.

Long story short, mission XIV is getting closer to being finished, meanwhile many parts of the game have become easier and better to use.

Now I would be directing all my attention to mission XIV, but this week I have received a lot of new feedback and now I have to make a few important decisions.

I might choose to do some really big changes to the game, which would delay the release by a month.
If that happens, I will make another post explaining the situation.

Anyway, to the task list!

*Completed:*

* Relics.
* Mission XIII.
* Rebalanced ability points: +1 ability point per level, capped at level 360.
* Mission XII.
* Mission XI.

*Completed – Minor changes and improvements:*

* Improved Kithalia’s Blight set penalty
* Improved barrager.
* Toggle XP gain feature has been removed.
* Improved Sector transition cutscene.
* Improved pausing.
* Improved HUD.
* Improved ability level scaling.
* Improved item management and filtering.
* Repositioned item management buttons.
* Stat page improvements.
* Virtual and physical weapon clarification and stats.
* New part properties.
* Improved part names.
* Higher grade parts are now more common.
* Relic dismantling rewards.
* Parts give less damage reduction and reflect chance.
* Parts give less wave chances.
* Improved item generator: Now produces more random items.
* Item changes: Changed diode cost, changed certain item sprites, improved item use error messages, improved tooltips.
* Fixed story mission X glitch.
* Reworked phase break mechanic: Gain additional damage after taking certain amount of damage.
* Channel ability’s ether cost reducing effect now lasts 3 seconds, making Channel much easier to use.
* Cataclysm ability has been replaced with passive anti-shield ability: Breach.
* Renamed Phase to Phasse, to differentiate it from phase mechanic.
* Improved Aggression, Resistance, and Capacity: More powerful, more interesting, and consistent with other abilities.
* Decreased starter part limit to 6.
* Decreased starter maximum ether to 50.
* Starter engine now gives less maximum armor.
* Increased starter ability points to 10.
* While Guardian of a Thousand Worlds ability is active, Concentrated Fire recharges instantly.
* Improved alloy containers: New property, increased sell and buy price, reduced city stock.
* Removed filled alloy containers.
* Corrected W. warning button tooltip.
* Ability to decrease the level of MDS modifiers even while they are disabled.
* Fixed engine glitch.
* Improved missiles that appear when player's spaceship leaves enemy range.
* Guardian is now more mobile.
* Potentially fixed Black Rain projectile problem.
* Region update flashes are now brighter.
* Veteran's ballistic attack is now slower.
* Improved dialogue system graphics.
* Oesa's Radiance set effect changed, now base maximum armor is equal maximum ether.
* Damage bonuses now are applied to damage while Lodeon's Ultimatum set is active.
* Fixed and improved certain set descriptions.

*Not completed:*

* Mission XIV.
* Broken Infinity endgame activity.
* Restoration War endgame activity.
* Shared stash in Deep Path to transfer items between player characters.
* The Machines.
* New save system.
* 49 new achievements.

*Not completed – Minor changes and improvements:*

* Sector map interface and map tutorial.
* Improve the implemented Machines.
* Rework certain achievements.
* Rearrange achievements in the achievement interface.
* Level cap changes and game options.
* Side mission dialogues.
* Better default controls.
* Ability to reset controls to default.
* Ability to reset settings to default.
* Ability to toggle side mission dialogues.
* Settings interface improvements.
* Fix stack buying glitch.
* Reposition mission interface.
* Rework achievement interface.
* Lock modular difficulty system if the player level is lower than 3.
* Connection strength near avatar picture.
* Adapt backgrounds to screen shaking.
* Holding shift button to dismantle and sell just one item from the stack.
* Looting improvements.
* Improve Techamer's cell.
* Rework loot box.
* Fix loot box stackable item glitch.
* Improve artifact carrier.
* Rework mission III. Again.
* Improve siege mission.
* Improve arena mission.
* Fix dialogue clash with HUD glitch.
* Expand dialogue box.
* Improve shield particles and animations.
* Improve MDS decorative map in mission select screen.
* Fix Lodeon's ship glitch when skipping intro cutscene.
* Intro logo skipping inconsistency.
* Improve mission I.
* Make Awakening of Inner Power support all missions.
* Improve ability bar.
* Rework contribution system.
* Improve text input.
* Character customization: Rename character and change avatar icon.
* Improve damage text.
* Cathode rework.
* Improve controller support.
* Improve tutorial and class select.

*ETA:*

* 35 days.

*Progress:*

* 50% of the tasks completed.
* I'll post again when the percentage will reach 60%.

*Until then!*
