---
layout: post
title: "Sector Six Release Countdown: 9!"
date: 2018-04-16
---

I have finished making mission XII!
That's a pretty big achievement because mission XII was one of the larger chunks of content I needed to make and I did it in time.

Now I will be working on ability and level cap update
This update will make ability points more valuable by reducing the amount of ability points gained from level up to 1.
It will also improve Aggression, Resistance, and Capacity abilities and replace Cataclysm with Breach - passive anti-shield ability!
It will bring Sector Six much closer to perfection.

*Completed:*

* Mission XII.
* Mission XI.

*Completed – Minor changes and improvements:*

* While Guardian Of A Thousand Worlds ability is active, Concentrated Fire recharges instantly.
* Improved alloy containers: New property, increased sell and buy price, reduced city stock.
* Removed filled alloy containers.
* Corrected W. warning button tooltip.
* Ability to decrease the level of MDS modifiers even while they are disabled.
* Fixed engine glitch.
* Improved missiles that appear when player's spaceship leaves the enemy range.
* Guardian is now more mobile.
* Potentially fixed Black Rain projectile + reflect chance problem.
* Region update flashes are now brighter.
* Veteran's ballistic attack is now slower.
* Improved dialogue system graphics.
* Oesa's Radiance set effect changed, now base maximum armor is equal maximum ether.
* Damage bonuses now are applied to damage while Lodeon's Ultimatum set is active.
* Fixed and improved certain set descriptions.

*Not completed:*

* Mission XIII.
* Mission XIV.
* Broken Infinity endgame activity.
* Restoration War endgame activity.
* Relics.
* Shared stash in Deep Path to transfer items between player characters.
* The Machines.
* New save system.
* 49 new achievements.
* Rebalance ability point distribution.

*Not completed – Minor changes and improvements:*

* Relic dismantling rewards.
* Sector map interface.
* Improve the implemented Machines.
* Rework certain achievements.
* Rearrange achievements in the achievement interface.
* Level cap changes.
* Increase starter ability points to 10.
* Increase starter part limit to 10.
* Decrease starter maximum ether to 50.
* Rework Phase Recognition system and phase properties.
* Rework Aggression, Resistance, and Capacity.
* Rework starter equipment.
* Rework Cataclysm ability into Breach ability.
* Improve Rapid Fire Mode ability.
* Improve Channel ability.
* New part properties.
* Better part names.
* Side mission dialogues.
* Better default controls.
* Ability to reset controls to default.
* Ability to reset settings to default.
* Ability to toggle side mission dialogues.
* Settings interface improvements.
* Fix stack buying glitch.
* Reposition mission interface.
* Rework achievement interface.
* Reset difficulty level button.
* Lock modular difficulty system if the player level is lower than 3.
* Virtual / physical weapon clarification / stats.
* Stat page improvements.
* Connection strength near avatar picture.
* Adapt backgrounds to screen shaking.
* Dismantle all / Uninstall all buttons should have a tooltip.
* Holding shift button to dismantle / sell just one item from the stack.
* Looting improvements.
* Improve Techamer's cell.
* Rework loot box.
* Fix loot box stackable item glitch.
* Improve artifact carrier.
* Rework mission III. Again.
* Improve siege mission.
* Improve arena mission.
* Reposition item management buttons.
* Fix dialogue clash with HUD glitch.
* Expand dialogue box.
* Improve shield particles and animations.
* Improve MDS decorative map in mission select screen.
* Fix Lodeon's ship glitch when skipping intro cutscene.
* Intro logo skipping inconsistency.
* Improve mission I.
* Make Awakening Of Inner Power support all missions.
* Improve ability bar.
* Add map decorations.
* Improve Sector transition cutscene.
* Rework contribution system.
* Improve barrager.
* Improve text input.
* Character customization: Rename character and change avatar icon.

*ETA:*

* 60 days.

*Progress:*

* 20% of the tasks completed.
* I'll post again when the percentage will reach 30%.

*Until then!*
