---
layout: post
title: "Light of the Locked World: Demo update! Version 0.1.2: Quests, roles, reputation, new UI"
date: 2019-11-20
---

This demo update contains over 4 months of changes.

**Quests**

The game now has two short quests with a bit of lore and adventure.

**Roles**

Gain XP and level up.

**Town of Locul**

Visit the first town of the game!

**Improved mouse and keyboard controls**

Now player 1 can use both keyboard and mouse for maximum comfort.

**Improved graphics**

Added shadows, improved assets.

*Warning: Shadows may severely slow down or even crash the game - if that is the case turn off shadows in the options before starting the game.*

**New UI**

New style, new tooltip system, new HUD, game log.

**Expanded and improved the first area**

New enemy NPCs, bags and crates with loot, more content.

**Character improvements**

Better NPC AI, NPC chatter system, character interaction system.

**Faction reputation system**

The first three factions have been implemented: Rogue, Neutral, and Locul. You can gain Locul reputation by completing one of the quests, and you lose reputation by stealing from and attacking Locul's citizens. If your reputation drops below -99, Locul's guards will start attacking you.

**Current goal**

Combat 4.0!
The previous demo had combat 2.0 - position based combat. Later I created combat 3.0, but it wasn't fun, so I had to remove it and leave combat as it is now.
Now I'm going to work on combat until I'm happy with it.

**Feedback form**

As always, I'm looking for feedback.
If you got any, you can fill this form:

[Link >>](https://forms.gle/CjwZ3AvX3BnUcGqu5)

**Have fun!**
