---
layout: post
title: "Core Dump 1"
date: 2020-07-20
---

First off, this website from now on is not only home for my games, but also anything else I might want to put here.

Now that this is out of the way, let's get to Core Dump Part 1 out of ???
It's called that because I spent some time actually thinking a cool name for this, even though there is no reason for it to be named at all.

Runners up:

Ramblings.
Journal.

Do not recommend reading this if you just wanted to check news about my games. This is my deeply personal and probably disturbing journal/diary thing.
EDIT: EDIT: I will use swear words because censoring them would go against the idea of this. Extra warning.

Anyway, it's 2 AM right now and I'm feeling really bad. I've been feeling not well for a while, and I hope that writing this will help.
What I've been doing for a long time is suppressing my thoughts, so I'm just going to ramble now for a bit not doing that at all and see if it helps.
It's very likely (X time later edit: OH SWEETIE YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY GOING TO REGRET IT) that I will regret typing this, a lot. I often regret sharing my thoughts, which is where this suppression thing stems from. "Stems from"? Is that a real expression? "Originates from" is what I mean.

Apologies for the randomness. Probably would make sense to not make this public, but my website probably gets 1 visit per month so it's just as good. And keeping it private feels strange too.

I really need attention and I believe I'm some kind of genius, even though it's not true. "Unless? Haha JK... Although... ;)
"I want to constantly shout "Look at me, I'm so cool." and it's tiring. So yeah, there's many unpleasant to share reasons why I made this public.
"Hoping someone would see this and leave a nice comment, that's one reason." My brain will instantly label that sentence as desperate, dumb, or something, but it's really not. 

Yeah, 0% auto-thought-suppression.
I am terribly lonely and I think (X time later edit: Ok, I KNOW) that's doing bad things to my brain. It's just constant tension in there. Recently I've started complaining - "venting" - online but it's starting to make me feel bad because I feel I just polluting the space.
Repeating "My life sucks, I feel bad." all the time just isn't fun. Which is great because no one will see this. "Unless? ;)" (EDIT: Sigh)

I bet it's a very terrible, horrible read what I am typing right now and for that, again, I am sorry. Maybe I am actually going insane - but if I am, there are no regrets I guess? And suppression does not help. Let this be the ultimate vent. Just noise in my head going outside for once, and maybe it will be better. Maybe someone will publish it after I'll kill myself - (5 minutes later edit: YIKES. Why the hell did I wrote that. Oh well...) and it'll become a bestseller. I really do want to become famous/get attention/etc. - a side effect of loneliness if I had to guess.

Ever since I saw the documentary on YouTube about an insane guy who created TempleOS, that's my number one fear. I think because I can relate to him. His OS reminds me of my side "for fun" projects.My commercial projects aren't much better. They are huge messes and I spend about 8 hours every day making them. 8 hours might be incorrect, I keep repeating that number, it could be higher or lower.

Yeah, so TempleOS guy... He was making something nobody wanted and wasn't well in the head. Should I relate to him? Maybe not. But I know I really don't want to become him.

How I don't really know. For one, I need to move out of my parent's house. It has really bad conditions for me - it's a very remote place. Being here I'm not even lonely - I am isolated.

I need to break out of this isolation. Knowing that does not make things easier because I feel anxious about somehow getting money to move out and I feel guilty for wanting to abandon my parents.

I know that they brought this upon themselves and I'm not responsible, mostly, for their happiness, but it doesn't help.

Fuck, I wrote the word "feel" too many times. Need to vary it a bit. Good thing I didn't try to become a writer as much as I tried to become a successful game developer. I think I'm better at game development.

Back to TempleOS. I might have been afraid of becoming insane far before that cursed video, but probably not as much. So recently that fear became really strong (recently being an hour ago) because I realized I'm having recursive thoughts.

I'm afraid of being afraid of becoming insane, and that is scary, and... Recursive. Shit, need to stop thinking about this right now. Type, type, type.

Well, I wrote a lot already. I hope nobody/everyone reads this. Nice sentence there! I should remember it. Describes exactly why this is public. The only way this "Core Dump" could be worse is if it was a green text on a black background. 

This is probably a very bad idea. If a potential publisher reads this they might say "No way we're investing in a "borderline" *wink* (EDIT: Yikes) crazy guy, he won't finish his games." If you're a publisher and reading this right now: If I got like 5000€, it might save my sanity.
And I believe that if I keep making games and retain sanity, I'll be able to make some truly good games. I already can make good games, people write very nice reviews about it, but if I kept going, kept getting experience, well, that 5000€+ investment could have insane (heh) returns.

Would be amazing to have a partner that would help me with everything non-game development related. I'd be eternally grateful to anyone who would make my games profitable.
But it seems like my games just aren't that good-looking/good-playing - big publishers just aren't interested, and even smaller ones don't seem very enthusiastic.

Getting really tired, so should stop this soon. I sure hope this isn't the opposite of what I should do, I wouldn't want to harm myself further.
Well, I guess I'll see, one way or the other. (EDIT: I keep jumping around making these edits. End of edit.)

Maybe I should work less, but work is my only - okay, main - source of happiness. Fuck, I really love making games.
It's the 6th day of work in a row, so maybe that's why it's so bad. If I'm crunching, it would put a massive strain on my psyche, supposedly.
Also, it's late, also I didn't eat enough during the game. (EDIT: Oof, I didn't notice this until now. I mean during the day) Maybe it's just all these things piled on each other.

Nah, "Maybe it's just..." not going to work. Can't keep trying to prove to myself that I'm okay. I can't be okay. Would an "okay" person write this? (If they just typed their thoughs like that, I mean) ...Sure hope so...

3 AM. Need. To go. To sleep.

Hope you aren't/are terribly terrified (Top class writing) about my well-being. I hope that's how everyone would sound if they just typed their thoughts. (Thank you, Grammarly for making this less horrible. Wow, I just used it to correct "Gramarly". Awesome.)

Core dumped.
