---
layout: post
title: "Light of the Locked World: Demo update! Version 0.3.0: Crafting, save system, item storage"
date: 2020-03-15
---

The demo is still not representative of the final version and severely lacks content, but it will take a few more months to fix that, and I don't want to have large gaps between demo updates.

The big changes in this update are:

Crafting:
Use the new Alchemist and Materialist roles to craft items.

Mining:
Use the new Gatherer role to mine rocks for ore, that is used in crafting.

Save system:
Progress is now saved! Press the "Save" button on the pause menu.

Item storage:
Find a talkstone chest in Locul and use it to deposit items.

Logs UI:
Achievements + map + notes + quest log 2.0 + statistics + reputation page shortcut.
This UI will be very important in the future.

This demo also is the start of the LOTLW beta testing program!

I am going to start adding content soon and most of it won't be available in the demo.
I don't want players to get bored of the game before it is completed.
However, I still need help from the players, so I will make the full version available to the beta testers.

As a reward, beta testers will get a copy of the finished game.

[More info >>](https://zuurix.com/lotlw-beta/)

At the moment the full version is no different from the demo, but this should change soon.

Anyway, now that demo is released, I am going to:

- Build the entire game world out of placeholder assets.
- Do an animation rework.
- Implement all planned weapon types: Two-handed melee weapons, bows, and staves.
- Add character avatar appearance customization.
...

That is all for now, until next time!
