---
layout: post
title: "Sector Six: Major update! Set rework and endgame shortcut"
date: 2020-03-20
---

This update is an attempt to even out power levels of the sets. Lodeon's Ultimatum should no longer be the only set capable of reaching 10+ waves in Absolute Deterioration.

The new and improved set effects:

**Etherion's Clash** 

If your spaceship's installed abilities are of the same color:
Weapon damage is multiplied by X
The multiplier is based on the number of weapons installed
Armor generated by armor generation is added to base maximum armor
Armor generation is doubled
Always active:
+10% armor generation per Etherion's Clash set component installed

**Cor's Voidmass**

If your spaceship has no compressed parts installed:
Triples core attributes
+10 levels to Unload, Detonate, and Attract Mines abilities per weapon installed
Maximum armor is multiplied by 1 + 0.01 per alloy used during the mission
Capped at 1000 alloy
Always active:
+5% to core attributes per Cor's Voidmass set component installed

**Ultranid's Torment**

Cooldowns of all abilities are set to 0.5 seconds
Activating an ability deals damage to your spaceship
Damage dealt is equal to 10% of maximum armor
+10% damaging wave damage per every damaging wave chance percent that is above the cap
Current damaging wave chance: X%
Current damaging wave damage: X% 
Always active:
+10% damaging wave damage per Ultranid's Torment set component installed

**Kithalia's Blight**

Maximum ether and maximum armor is multiplied by blight multiplier
When ether reaches 100%:
Ether is set 0 and the blight multiplier increases by 0.1
The multiplier is capped at 10
While your spaceship has no relays and nodes installed:
Weapon damage is multiplied by X
The multiplier is based on the number of weapons installed
Always active:
+10% ether generation per Kithalia's Blight set component installed

**Oesa's Radiance**

Weapon damage is multiplied by 1 + 0.01 per 1000 ether
3 seconds invincibility after an enemy is destroyed
Always active:
+10% maximum ether per Oesa's Radiance set component installed

**Azimar's Killframe**

Weapon limit is equal to the part limit
Ether is removed
Damage reduction is halved and the reduction cap is set to 100%
Your spaceship takes damage when a minion is destroyed
Damage is equal to 10% of weapon damage
Nuke ability damage is multiplied by X
The multiplier is based on the number of installed parts that increase ability levels
Always active:
+10% weapon damage per Azimar's Killframe set component installed

**Lodeon's Ultimatum**

Base weapon damage is equal to 100% of the maximum armor
Effect strength is based on the number of parts installed
Every second the damage is dealt to your spaceship
Damage dealt is equal to 2% of maximum armor
Always active:
+10% maximum armor per Lodeon's Ultimatum set component installed

**Endgame shortcut**

The endgame is now more accessible than ever!
Start a new game and jump right into the endgame by skipping leveling and story.

**Other changes**

Better Unload attacks, Awakening of Inner Power, mission-saving items, automatic containers + quality of life changes!

 * Relays + Unload: Mines created by this combo now deals 10% less damage instead of 50%.
 * Updated store and library assets.
 * Pylons + Unload: Mines created by this combo now gain damage while immobile and start seeking enemies automatically after 5 seconds.
 * Nodes + Unload: Mines created by this combo now pierce enemies.
 * Awakening of Inner Power ability now also removes minion maximum armor.
 * Added armor text to the HUD armor bar.
 * Set description now shows a total number of set components installed. E.g.: "Etherion's Clash - 11/6 components".
 * Sacrificial alloy containers, Lantern of Chances, and Pearl of Deterioration now give 5 seconds of invincibility after saving the spaceship.
 * Relics that increase relic limit no longer require one empty relic slot to be installed.
 * Fragment fusion is now instant when fusing more than 4 relics.
 * Replaced Steam store page artwork.
 * The leaderboard button now opens the leaderboard in the Steam browser.
 * The leaderboard button now opens the Absolute Deterioration leaderboard.
 * Fixed: Automatic alloy containers are not counting towards Consumer achievement.
 * Fixed: Automatic alloy containers are not helping with Malasmar fight.
 * Fixed: Automatic alloy containers are slow.
 * Fixed: Alloy containers are inheriting tooltip lines from relics.
 
**Have fun!**
